Training upgrade (#139)
openfisca/country-template: README.md

3. Set up the two following variables and execute the `bootstrap.sh` script to initialise the git repository and replace all references to `openfisca_country_template` with references to your new country package in the code base:

```sh

> ./bootstrap.sh
> ```
> (Note: you may need to first run `chmod +x ./bootstrap.sh` to grant execute permission)

Reviewer: Since this is downloaded and not forked, I actually believe this step is mandatory. Either include it in the instructions above, or maybe simply:
````suggestion
bash ./bootstrap.sh
```
````

Author: I've structured this differently in a later commit it takes the form:

> 3. Execute the `bootstrap.sh` script to initialise the git repository. This performs numerous tasks including replacing all references to `openfisca-country_template` with references to the new country package. 
>    - Note: if required first run `chmod +x ./bootstrap.sh` to grant execute permission
>    - To execute the script run `./bootstrap.sh` from the command line
>    - After the `bootstrap.sh` has run both it and these instructions are removed.

4. Push your changes to your git host:

```sh

> git push origin main

Reviewer: > I don't see how that can work when the URL we set the remote to is HTTPS instead of SSH… But that can be out of the scope of this PR since the issue is already present in the current code.

Author: The latest commits exclude adding the remote via bootstrap and instead instruct them to do it. This allows them the ability to set the remote whichever way they are comfortable and solves this issue

To create a virtual environment, launch a terminal on your computer, `cd` into your directory and follow these instructions:

```sh

> python3 -m venv .venv # create a new venv called “.venv”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
python3 -m venv .venv # create a new virtual environment in the “.venv” folder, which will contain all dependencies
```

```sh
pip --version  # should print at least 9.0.
# if not, run "pip install --upgrade pip build twine"

> ```

Author: Removed.
